# Common Packages
black      #brew #ubuntu
entr       #brew #ubuntu
gh         #brew #ubuntu
ripgrep    #brew #ubuntu
tree       #brew #ubuntu

# Ubuntu Packages
build-essential       #ubuntu
cmake                 #ubuntu
golang                #ubuntu
libssl-dev            #ubuntu
pkg-config            #ubuntu
postgresql            #ubuntu
postgresql-contrib    #ubuntu
python3-pip           #ubuntu

# Brew Packages
aerospace             #brew
bruno                 #brew
elixir                #brew
go                    #brew
mongodb-compass       #brew
mos                   #brew
neovim                #brew
openvpn-connect       #brew
postman               #brew
tableplus             #brew
telegram              #brew
visual-studio-code    #brew
wezterm               #brew

# Cargo Packages
bacon             #cargo
bob-nvim          #cargo
cargo-outdated    #cargo
cargo-watch       #cargo
fd-find           #cargo
mdbook            #cargo
sqlx-cli          #cargo
starship          #cargo
zellij            #cargo

# Pip Packages
pyright    #pip
